i don't even have to ask you clara amfo
are a massive sex and the city factor i
do
enjoy sexton city one of my favorite
things to do during lockdown was my
drunken
sex in the city quiz that i'd do on live
i'd have a bit of rum
and get quizzing people on the trivia
because basically my friend annie
bought me the board game and i never
played it sober i can't i don't know
what it is to play that game without a
drink
and then yeah i think the early days of
lockdown i remember it was a saturday
night and i was so bored and i thought
let me just uh
let me see who's about on live and it
kicked off and loads of people just
wanted to get involved like rumi shrank
and nathan
i made him pretend to be charlotte as a
quiz question and i got ramesh
wrangling to say oh my god my vagina is
depressed
on instagram live although watching in
2020 it's really problematic like some
of the stuff they said back then
you could never say now yeah i'm not
even sure bisexuality exists i
i think it's just a layover on the way
to gay town
isn't that right next to ricky
martinville yeah you're right you watch
it back
years later and go oh this has an agent
very very important we needed sex in the
city to kind of have
the representations of like women that
we have now we need
sex in the city wasn't necessary yeah it
was necessary although in
hindsight you're like it was for women
consistently talking
about men really
which is like oh so far well no there
was room for sex toys there was a sex
toy episode oh yeah because remember
briefly when she could have got addicted
to her rampant rabbit and
they had to like have an intervention to
get out of the house because i couldn't
stop masturbating i bet sales of the
rams
went through the room listen
self-love is the best love
[Music]
[Applause]